Room Full of Traps

Goals

Explore random number generation in C++
Successfully implement user created functions
Use multiple files in a single coding project
Show use of extern
Explore the use of the enum type
Generate a more complex c++ program
Logically use a static variable. 
Have fun

Assignment Description:

Create a two dimensional array to represent a dungeon room. Each array element is a tile 
in the room. Populate the two dimensional array with random numbers to represent what's
there. Use an enum to make this more readable. Make sure your [0][0] tile is not a trap as 
it will be your entrance. [MAX][MAX] represents your exit. Decide if you want to give your 
hero hit points and have every trap damage them or if a trip just kills them. If you want 
to have more fun, make traps of different severities based on different conditions. 

Create an enum for at least POTION, TRAP, ENTRANCE, EXIT. (Both map.cpp, and main will 
need access to this enum type.)

Create a struct for hero. Your hero has a name, hit points, current position and 
tile positions they have revealed. 

Create a map.cpp that generates a map (2d array) and makes it available to outside files.
In addition add functions for getting what's at a current position and displaying the map.
Display the map with a symbol to represent the hero's current position and display what's
on the tiles where the here has already passed. 

Create a main.cpp that allows for a play through. 

Create a static variable to keep up with the number of steps taken by your hero.

Prompt your player to move NSEW, but make sure they can’t move off the board. 
Experiment with board size and trap generation. 

If they reach a trap, end the game with an appropriate message or report the damage taken.
If they reach the exit, end the game with an appropriate message.  

Use good testing and check to see how often a no-win board is created. 
Comment and organize your code well.
Have at least a main.cpp and map.cpp. 

I'll allow this assignment to be done in groups of 1 - 2 people. We'll have a short
competition to see who makes the "best" game. 

Grading


Code Quality (including user interface)			10 pts
Overall Functionality (Could I break it)		10 pts
Correct and Logical File seperation				10 pts
Use of enum data type							10 pts
Proper use of extern 							10 pts
Implementation of a static variable				 5 pts

5 points of extra credit available for going above and beyond. 
5 points of extra credit available for the winning team.
